Level of effort, or LOE, is used to define the amount of work.
It can be measured in days, or hours per day,
per week, per month, or in a relative manner,
such as large, medium, or small, for example.
And, within, also, a relative timeframe.
For example, a large effort of work may,
in general, take about three months of elapsed time.
Now, let's see some examples of the level of effort across each demand type.
For operations, a simple example may be smaller LOE,
such as add a drop down with some values in it.
For projects, a simple example may be more like a medium LOE,
and where more analysis may be needed before you
even understand the demand itself,
such as a new module to enable users to fill out healthcare applications online.
For initiatives, a simple example may be a much larger LOE,
with large budgets, and intense senior executive involvement,
in other words, people with a lot of influence,
such as increase revenue by 15%.
That would be a significant initiative.
So, you can see a general size, or level of effort,
or scale,
that seems to imply in my examples just what constitutes an operational task,
a project, or an initiative.
In the next module, we will talk about the processes required to triage,
or identify, each piece of work, demand,
and how to execute it.
Now, did you notice anything about these guys?
How might you characterize the succinctness,
or conciseness of the requirement or work request?
Well, that's what this course is all about, to help you do just that.
Well, speaking of people with influence, let's take a look at the various types of influencers.